Some cats were chasing the mouse.
Some of the cats were chasing the mouse.
Some cats in the backyard were chasing the mouse.
Some black cats were chasing the mouse.
The mouse was being chased by some cats.
Some of the cats in the backyard were chasing the mouse.
The mouse was being chased by some of the cats in the backyard.
The mouse was being chased by some of the cats.
Some black cats in the backyard were chasing the mouse.
The mouse was being chased by some cats in the backyard.
The mouse was being chased by some black cats.
The mouse was being chased by some black cats in the backyard.
Some of the black cats in the backyard were chasing the mouse.
The mouse was being chased by some of the black cats in the backyard.
Some of the black cats were chasing the mouse.
The mouse was being chased by some of the black cats.
The mouse was chasing some cats.
The mouse was chasing some of the cats in the backyard.
The mouse was chasing some of the cats.
The mouse was chasing some cats in the backyard.
The mouse was chasing some black cats.
The mouse was chasing some black cats in the backyard.
The mouse was chasing some of the black cats in the backyard.
The mouse was chasing some of the black cats.
Some cats were being chased by the mouse.
Some of the cats were being chased by the mouse.
Some cats in the backyard were being chased by the mouse.
Some black cats were being chased by the mouse.
Some of the cats in the backyard were being chased by the mouse.
Some black cats in the backyard were being chased by the mouse.
Some of the black cats in the backyard were being chased by the mouse.
Some of the black cats were being chased by the mouse.
Alex collaborated with some people.
Alex collaborated with some people in his class.
Alex collaborated with some talented people.
Alex collaborated with some talented people in his class.
Alex collaborated with some of the people.
Alex collaborated with some of the people in his class.
Alex collaborated with some of the talented people.
Alex collaborated with some of the talented people in his class.
Some people collaborated with Alex.
Some people in his class collaborated with Alex.
Some talented people collaborated with Alex.
Some talented people in his class collaborated with Alex.
Some of the people collaborated with Alex.
Some of the people in his class collaborated with Alex.
Some of the talented people collaborated with Alex.
Some of the talented people in his class collaborated with Alex.
The wind destroyed some vases.
The wind destroyed some ornate vases.
The wind destroyed some vases in the living room.
The wind destroyed some ornate vases in the living room.
The wind destroyed some of the vases.
The wind destroyed some of the ornate vases.
The wind destroyed some of the vases in the living room.
The wind destroyed some of the ornate vases in the living room.
Some vases were destroyed by the wind.
Some ornate vases were destroyed by the wind.
Some vases in the living room were destroyed by the wind.
Some ornate vases in the living room were destroyed by the wind.
Some of the vases were destroyed by the wind.
Some of the ornate vases were destroyed by the wind.
Some of the vases in the living room were destroyed by the wind.
Some of the ornate vases in the living room were destroyed by the wind.
The waiter poured some wine.
The waiter poured some white wine.
The waiter poured some wine that my friend really likes.
The waiter poured some white wine that my friend really likes.
The waiter poured some of the wine.
The waiter poured some of the white wine.
The waiter poured some of the wine that my friend really likes.
The waiter poured some of the white wine that my friend really likes.
Some wine was poured by the waiter.
Some white wine was poured by the waiter.
Some wine that my friend really likes was poured by the waiter.
Some white wine that my friend really likes was poured by the waiter.
Some of the wine was poured by the waiter.
Some of the white wine was poured by the waiter.
Some of the wine that my friend really likes was poured by the waiter.
Some of the white wine that my friend really likes was poured by the waiter.
The laywers negotiated some terms.
The lawyers negotiated some important terms.
The laywers negotiated some terms of the acquisition.
The lawyers negotiated some important terms of the acquisition.
The lawyers negotiated some of the terms.
The lawyers negotiated some of the important terms.
The lawyers negotiated some of the terms of the acuqisition.
The lawyers negotiated some of the important terms of the acquisition.
Some laywers negotiated the terms.
Some experienced laywers negotiated the terms.
Some laywers in the firm negotiated the terms.
Some experienced laywers in the firm negotiated the terms.
Some of the laywers negotiated the terms.
Some of the experienced laywers negotiated the terms.
Some of the laywers in the firm negotiated the terms.
Some of the experienced lawyers in the firm negotiated the terms.
The chef cut some salmon.
The chef cut some red salmon.
The chef cut some salmon from Alaska.
The chef cut some red salmon from Alaska.
The chef cut some of the salmon.
The chef cut some of the red salmon.
The chef cut some of the salmon from Alaksa.
The chef cut some of the red salmon from Alaska.
Some salmon was cut by the chef.
Some red salmon was cut by the chef.
Some salmon from Alaska was cut by the chef.
Some red salmon from Alaska was cut by the chef.
Some of the salmon was cut by the chef.
Some of the red salmon was cut by the chef.
Some of the salmon from Alaska was cut by the chef.
Some of the red salmon from Alaska was cut by the chef.
The general warned some soldiers.
The general warned some brave soldiers.
The general warned some soldiers who were conducting the midnight raid.
The general warned some brave soldiers who were conducting the midnight raid.
The general warned some of the soldiers.
The general warned some of the brave soldiers.
The general warned some of the soldiers who were conducting the midnight raid.
The general warned some of the brave soldiers who were conducting the midnight raid.
Some solidiers warned the general.
Some brave soldiers warned the general.
Some soldiers who were conducting the midnight raid warned the general.
Some brave soldiers who were conducting the midnight raid warned the general.
Some of the soliders warned the general.
Some of the brave soldiers warned the general.
Some of the soldiers who were conducting the midnight raid warned the general.
Some of the brave soldiers who were conducting the midnight raid warned the general.
Sarah returned some books.
Sarah returned some old books.
Sarah returned some books written by Camus.
Sarah returned some old books written by Camus.
Sarah returned some of the books.
Sarah returned some of the old books.
Sarah returned some of the books written by Camus.
Sarah returned some of the old books written by Camus.
Some books were returned by Sarah.
Some old books were returned by Sarah.
Some books written by Camus were returned by Sarah.
Some old books written by Camus were returned by Sarah.
Some of the books were returned by Sarah.
Some of the old books were returned by Sarah.
Some of the books written by Camus were returned by Sarah.
Some of the old books written by Camus were returned by Sarah.
Frank drank some beer.
Frank drank some stale beer.
Frank drank some beer that was left in the fridge.
Frank drank some stale beer that was left in the fridge.
Frank drank some of the beer.
Frank drank some of the stale beer.
Frank drank some of the beer that was left in the fridge.
Frank drank some of the stale beer that was left in the fridge.
Some beer was drunk by Frank.
Some stale beer was drunk by Frank.
Some beer that was left in the fridge was drunk by Frank.
Some stale beer that was left in the fridge was drunk by Frank.
Some of the beer was drunk by Frank.
Some of the stale beer was drunk by Frank.
Some of the beer that was left in the fridge was drunk by Frank.
Some of the stale beer that was left in the fridge was drunk by Frank.
The magicians shuffled some cards.
The magicians shuffled some black cards.
The magicians shuffled some cards with dots.
The magicians shuffled some black cards with dots.
The magicians shuffled some of the cards.
The magicians shuffled some of the black cards.
The magicians shuffled some of the cards with dots.
The magicians shuffled some of the black cards with dots.
Some magicians shuffled the cards.
Some entertaining magicians shuffled the cards.
Some magicians with top hats shuffled the cards.
Some entertaining magicians with top hats shuffled the cards.
Some of the magicians shuffled the cards.
Some of the entertaining magicians shuffled the cards.
Some of the magicians with top hats shuffled the cards.
Some of the entertaining magicians with top hats shuffled the cards.
The missiles sank some ships.
The missiles sank some small ships.
The missiles sank some ships without defense mechanisms.
The missiles sank some small ships without defense mechanisms.
The missiles sank some of the ships.
The missiles sank some of the small ships.
The missiles sank some of the ships without defense mechanisms.
The missiles sank some of the small ships without defense mechanisms.
Some missiles sank the ships.
Some exploding missiles sank the ships.
Some missiles from the fighter jet sank the ships.
Some exploding missiles from the fighter jet sank the ships.
Some of the missiles sank the ships.
Some of the exploding missiles sank the ships.
Some of the missiles from the fighter jet sank the ships.
Some of the exploding missiles from the fighter jet sank the ships.
The doctors called some patients.
The doctors called some former patients.
The doctors called some patients in New York.
The doctors called some former patients in New York.
The doctors called some of the patients.
The doctors called some of the former patients.
The doctors called some of the patients in New York.
The doctors called some of the former patients in New York.
Some doctors called the patients.
Some former doctors called the patients.
Some doctors in New York called the patients.
Some former doctors in New York called the patients.
Some of the doctors called the patients.
Some of the former doctors called the patients.
Some of the doctors in New York called the patients.
Some of the former doctors in New York called the patients.
The artists performed some songs.
The artists performed some fast songs.
The artists performed some songs from their first album.
The artists performed some fast songs from their first album.
The artists performed some of the songs.
The artists performed some of the fast songs.
The artists performed some of the songs from their first album.
The artists performed some of the fast songs from their first album.
Some artists performed the songs.
Some upcoming artists performed the songs.
Some artists with multiple albums performed the songs.
Some upcoming artists with multiple albums performed the songs.
Some of the artists performed the songs.
Some of the upcoming artists performed the songs.
Some of the artists with multiple albums performed the songs.
Some of the upcoming artists with multiple albums performed the songs.
Congress impeached some presidents.
Congress impeached some corrupt presidents.
Congress impeached some president from the Republican party.
Congress impeached some corrupt president from the Republican party.
Congress impeached some of the presidents.
Congress impeached some of the corrupt presidents.
Congress impeached some of the president from the Republican party.
Congress impeached some of the corrupt presidents from the Republican party.
Some presidents were impeached by Congress.
Some corrupt presidents were impeached by Congress.
Some presidents from the Republican party were impeached by Congress.
Some corrupt presidents from the Republican party were impeached by Congress.
Some of the presidents were impeached by Congress.
Some of the corrupt presidents were impeached by Congress.
Some of the presidents from the Republican party were impeached by Congress.
Some of the corrupt presidents from the Republican party were impeached by Congress.
The researcher transcribed some conversations.
The researcher transcribed some recorded conversations.
The researcher transcribed some conversations that she collected while doing fieldwork.
The researcher transcribed some recorded conversations that she collected while doing fieldwork.
The researcher transcribed some of the conversations.
The researcher transcribed some of the recorded conversations.
The researcher transcribed some of the conversations that she collected while doing fieldwork.
The researcher transcribed some of the recorded conversations that she collected while doing fieldwork.
Some conversations were transcribed by the researcher.
Some recorded conversations were transcribed by the researcher.
Some conversations that she collected while doing fieldwork were transcribed by the researcher.
Some recorded conversations that she collected while doing fieldwork were transcribed by the researcher.
Some of the conversations were transcribed by the researcher.
Some of the recorded conversations were transcribed by the researcher.
Some of the conversations that she collected while doing fieldwork were transcribed by the researcher.
Some of the recorded conversations that she collected while doing fieldwork were transcribed by the researcher.
The psychoanalysts hypnotized some clients.
The psychoanalysts hypnotized some young clients.
The psychoanalysts hypnotized some clients with depression.
The psychoanalysts hypnotized some young clients with depression.
The psychoanalysts hypnotized some clients.
The psychoanalysts hypnotized some young clients.
The psychoanalysts hypnotized some clients with depression.
The psychoanalysts hypnotized some of the young clients with depression.
Some psychoanalysists hypnotized the clients.
Some young psychoanalysts hypnotized the clients.
Some psychoanalysts in training hypnotized the clients.
Some young psychoanalysts in training hypnotized the clients.
Some of the psychoanalysists hypnotized the clients.
Some of the young psychoanalysts hypnotized the clients.
Some of the psychoanalysts in training hypnotized the clients.
Some of the young psychoanalysts in training hypnotized the clients.
The critics read some chapters.
The critics read some early chapters.
The ciritics read some chapters of the novel.
The critics read some early chapters of the novel.
The critics read some of the chapters.
The critics read some of the early chapters.
The ciritics read some of the chapters of the novel.
The critics read some of the early chapters of the novel.
Some chapters were read by the critics.
Some early chapters were read by the critics.
Some chapters of the book were read by the critics.
Some early chapters of the book were read by the critics.
Some of the chapters were read by the critics.
Some of the early chapters were read by the critics.
Some of the chapters of the book were read by the critics.
Some of the early chapters of the book were read by the critics.
The farmers milked some goats.
The farmers milked some brown goats.
The farmers milked some goats in the mountains.
The farmers milked some brown goats in the mountains.
The farmers milked some of the goats.
The farmers milked some of the brown goats.
The farmers milked some of the goats in the mountains.
The farmers milked some of the brown goats in the mountains.
Some farmers milked the goats.
Some organic farmers milked the goats.
Some farmers in the mountains milked the goats.
Some organic farmers in the mountains milked the goats.
Some of the farmers milked the goats.
Some of the organic farmers milked the goats.
Some of the farmers in the mountains milked the goats.
Some of the organic farmers in the mountains milked the goats.
The baker kneaded some dough.
The baker kneaded some gluten-free dough.
The baker kneaded some dough made out of spelt.
The baker kneaded some gluten-free dough made out of spelt.
The baker kneaded some of the dough.
The baker kneaded some of the gluten-free dough.
The baker kneaded some of the dough made out of spelt.
The baker kneaded some of the gluten-free dough made out of spelt.
Some dough was kneaded by the baker.
Some gluten-free dough was kneaded by the baker.
Some dough made out of spelt was kneaded by the baker.
Some gluten-free dough made out of spelt was kneaded by the baker.
Some of the dough was kneaded by the baker.
Some of the gluten-free dough was kneaded by the baker.
Some of the dough made out of spelt was kneaded by the baker.
Some of the gluten-free dough made out of spelt was kneaded by the baker.
The guards reported some inmates.
The guards reported some violent inmates.
The guards reported some inmates in the high-security prison.
The guards reported some violent inmates in the high-security prison.
The guards reported some of the inmates.
The guards reported some of the violent inmates.
The guards reported some of the inmates in the high-security prison.
The guards reported some of the violent inmates in the high-security prison.
Some inmates reported the guards.
Some violent inmates reported the guards.
Some inmates in the high-security prison reported the guards.
Some violent inmates in the high-security prison reported the guards.
Some of the inmates reported the guards.
Some of the violent inmates reported the guards.
Some of the inmates in the high-security prison reported the guards.
Some of the violent inmates in the high-security prison reported the guards.
The managers instructed some sales representatives about the new project management tool.
The managers instructed some eager sales representatives about the new project management tool.
The managers instructed some sales representatives in the company about the new project management tool.
The managers instructed some eager sales representatives in the company about the new project management tool.
The managers instructed some of the sales representatives about the new project management tool.
The managers instructed some of the eager sales representatives about the new project management tool.
The managers instructed some of the sales representatives in the company about the new project management tool.
The managers instructed some of the eager sales representatives in the company about the new project management tool.
Some managers instructed the sales representattives about the new project management tool.
Some eager managers instructed the sales representattives about the new project management tool.
Some managers in the company instructed the sales representattives about the new project management tool.
Some eager managers in the company instructed the sales representattives about the new project management tool.
Some of the managers instructed the sales representattives about the new project management tool.
Some of the eager managers instructed the sales representattives about the new project management tool.
Some of the managers in the company instructed the sales representattives about the new project management tool.
Some of the eager managers in the company instructed the sales representatives about the new project management tool.
The conductor informed some passengers about the delay.
The conductor informed some impatient passengers about the delay.
The conductor informed some passengers in the bike car about the delay.
The conductor informed some impatient passengers in the bike car about the delay.
The conductor informed some of the passengers about the delay.
The conductor informed some of the impatient passengers about the delay.
The conductor informed some of the passengers in the bike car about the delay.
The conductor informed some of the impatient passengers in the bike car about the delay.
Some passengers were informed about the delay by the conductor.
Some impatient passengers were informed about the delay by the conductor.
Some passengers in the bike car were informed about the delay by the conductor.
Some impatient passengers in the bike car were informed about the delay by the conductor.
Some of the passengers were informed about the delay by the conductor.
Some of the impatient passengers were informed about the delay by the conductor.
Some of the passengers in the bike car were informed about the delay by the conductor.
Some of the impatient passengers in the bike car were informed about the delay by the conductor.
Some chemists oxidized the metal.
Some brilliant chemists oxidized the metal.
Some chemists in the lab oxidized the metal.
Some brilliant chemists in the lab oxidized the metal.
Some of the chemists oxidized the metal.
Some of the brilliant chemists oxidized the metal.
Some of the chemists in the lab oxidized the metal.
Some of the brilliant chemists in the lab oxidized the metal.
The metal was oxidized by some chemists.
The metal was oxidized by some brilliant chemists.
The metal was oxidized by some chemists in the lab.
The metal was oxidized by some brilliant chemists in the lab.
The metal was oxidized by some of the chemists.
The metal was oxidized by some of the brilliant chemists.
The metal was oxidized by some of the chemists in the lab.
The metal was oxidized by some of the brilliant chemists in the lab.
Some pirates found the treasure.
Some adventurous pirates found the treasure.
Some pirates on the boat found the treasure.
Some adventurous pirates on the boat found the treasure.
Some of the pirates found the treasure.
Some of the adventurous pirates found the treasure.
Some of the pirates on the boat found the treasure.
Some of the adventurous pirates on the boat found the treasure.
The treasure was found by some pirates.
The treasure was found by some adventurous pirates.
The treasure was found by some pirates on the boat.
The treasure was found by some adventurous pirates on the boat.
The treasure was found by some of the pirates.
The treasure was found by some of the adventurous pirates.
The treasure was found by some of the pirates on the boat.
The treasure was found by some of the adventurous pirates on the boat.
Some con artists tricked the residents of the retirement home.
Some mischievous con artists tricked the residents of the retirement home.
Some con artists at the casino tricked the residents of the retirement home.
Some mischievous con artists at the casino tricked the residents of the retirement home.
Some of the con artists tricked the residents of the retirement home.
Some of the mischievous con artists tricked the residents of the retirement home.
Some of the con artists at the casino tricked the residents of the retirement home.
Some of the mischievous con artists at the casino tricked the residents of the retirement home.
The residents of the retirement home were tricked by some con artists.
The residents of the retirement home were tricked by some mischievous con artists.
The residents of the retirement home were tricked by some con artists at the casino.
The residents of the retirement home were tricked by some mischievous con artists at the casino.
The residents of the retirement home were tricked by some of the con artists.
The residents of the retirement home were tricked by some of the mischievous con artists.
The residents of the retirement home were tricked by some of the con artists at the casino.
The residents of the retirement home were tricked by some of the mischievous con artists at the casino.
Some recruiters hired graduate students as interns.
Some persistent recruiters hired graduate students as interns.
Some recruiters at the conference hired graduate students as interns.
Some persistent recruiters at the conference hired graduate students as interns.
Some of the recruiters hired graduate students as interns.
Some of the persistent recruiters hired graduate students as interns.
Some of the recruiters at the conference hired graduate students as interns.
Some of the persistent recruiters at the conference hired graduate students as interns.
Graduate students were hired as interns by some recruiters.
Graduate students were hired as interns by some persistent recruiters.
Graduate students were hired as interns by some recruiters at the conference.
Graduate students were hired as interns by some persistent recruiters at the conference.
Graduate students were hired as interns by some of the recruiters.
Graduate students were hired as interns by some of the persistent recruiters.
Graduate students were hired as interns by some of the recruiters at the conference.
Graduate students were hired as interns by some of the persistent recruiters at the conference.
Some professors supported the petition.
Some established professors supported the petition.
Some professors in the department supported the petition.
Some established professors in the department supported the petition.
Some of the professors supported the petition.
Some of the established professors supported the petition.
Some of the professors in the department supported the petition.
Some of the established professors in the department supported the petition.
The petition was supported by some professors.
The petition was supported by some established professors.
The petition was supported by some professors in the department.
The petition was supported by some established professors in the department.
The petition was supported by some of the professors.
The petition was supported by some of the established professors.
The petition was supported by some of the professors in the department.
The petition was supported by some of the established professors in the department.
Some race car enthusiasts polished the winner's car.
Some middle-aged race car enthusiasts polished the winner's car.
Some race car enthusiasts from Indiana polished the winner's car.
Some middle-aged race car enthusiasts from Indiana polished the winner's car.
Some of the race car enthusiasts polished the winner's car.
Some of the middle-aged race car enthusiasts polished the winner's car.
Some of the race car enthusiasts from Indiana polished the winner's car.
Some of the middle-aged race car enthusiasts from Indiana polished the winner's car.
The winner's car was polished by some race car enthusiasts.
The winner's car was polished by some middle-aged race car enthusiasts.
The winner's car was polished by some race car enthusiasts from Indiana.
The winner's car was polished by some middle-aged race car enthusiasts from Indiana.
The winner's car was polished by some of the race car enthusiasts.
The winner's car was polished by some of the middle-aged race car enthusiasts.
The winner's car was polished by some of the race car enthusiasts from Indiana.
The winner's car was polished by some of the middle-aged race car enthusiasts from Indiana.
Some movers loaded the standing desks onto the truck.
Some muscular movers loaded the standing desks onto the truck.
Some movers that were hired by the startup loaded the standing desks onto the truck.
Some muscular movers that were hired by the startup loaded the standing desks onto the truck.
Some of the movers loaded the standing desks onto the truck.
Some of the muscular movers loaded the standing desks onto the truck.
Some of the movers that were hired by the startup loaded the standing desks onto the truck.
Some of the muscular movers that were hired by the startup loaded the standing desks onto the truck.
The standing desks were loaded onto the truck by some movers.
The standing desks were loaded onto the truck by some muscular movers.
The standing desks were loaded onto the truck by some movers that were hired by the startup.
The standing desks were loaded onto the truck by some muscular movers that were hired by the startup.
The standing desks were loaded onto the truck by some of the movers.
The standing desks were loaded onto the truck by some of the muscular movers.
The standing desks were loaded onto the truck by some of the movers that were hired by the startup.
The standing desks were loaded onto the truck by some of the muscular movers that were hired by the startup.
Some committee members congratulated her on the award.
Some distinguished committee members congratulated her on the award.
Some committee members from abroad congratulated her on the award.
Some distinguished committee members from abroad congratulated her on the award.
Some of the committee members congratulated her on the award.
Some of the distinguished committee members congratulated her on the award.
Some of the committee members from abroad congratulated her on the award.
Some of the distinguished committee members from abroad congratulated her on the award.
She was congratulated on the award by some committee members.
She was congratulated on the award by some distinguished committee members.
She was congratulated on the award by some committee members from abroad.
She was congratulated on the award by some distinguished committee members from abroad.
She was congratulated on the award by some of the committee members.
She was congratulated on the award by some of the distinguished committee members.
She was congratulated on the award by some of the committee members from abroad.
She was congratulated on the award by some of the distinguished committee members from abroad.
Some stations televised the soccer cup.
Some international stations televised the soccer cup.
Some stations in South America televised the soccer cup.
Some international stations in South America televised the soccer cup.
Some of the stations televised the soccer cup.
Some of the international stations televised the soccer cup.
Some of the stations in South America televised the soccer cup.
Some of the international stations in South America televised the soccer cup.
The soccer cup was televised by some stations.
The soccer cup was televised by some international stations.
The soccer cup was televised by some stations in South America.
The soccer cup was televised by some international stations in South America.
The soccer cup was televised by some of the stations.
The soccer cup was televised by some of the international stations.
The soccer cup was televised by some of the stations in South America.
The soccer cup was televised by some of the international stations in South America.
Some investors excessively remunerated the brokers.
Some wealthy investors excessively remunerated the brokers.
Some investors of the fund excessively remunerated the brokers.
Some wealthy investors of the fund excessively remunerated the brokers.
Some of the investors excessively remunerated the brokers.
Some of the wealthy investors excessively remunerated the brokers.
Some of the investors of the fund excessively remunerated the brokers.
Some of the wealthy investors of the fund excessively remunerated the brokers.
The brokers were excessively remunerated by some investors.
The brokers were excessively remunerated by some wealthy investors.
The brokers were excessively remunerated by some investors of the fund.
The brokers were excessively remunerated by some wealthy investors of the fund.
The brokers were excessively remunerated by some of the investors.
The brokers were excessively remunerated by some of the wealthy investors.
The brokers were excessively remunerated by some of the investors of the fund.
The brokers were excessively remunerated by some of the wealthy investors of the fund.
